10/31/22 First TA Meeting:

How this meeting is gonna work, we show off the project board, go through what we have finished, what we need to finish, and what we are going to pick up for next week. Also we might need to discuss 

Who:
 Diego is doing login.

Dan is doing register

Matthew is going to be helping create dummy data for the databases, and which ticketmaster API we want to use.

Liam: to take up how the website is going to look like, and how navigation is going to work. Create possibly a skeleton page

Cheng could help make the database, or someone else could also jump on that.

Need to have assignees to every storyboard.

We should also be creating checkmarks


-We need to create a register page and create DB stories.

-Make maybe the first database, and create a ticket prices table.


11/07/22 TA meeting prep
	-Login page:
		-Attentive Api’s 
		-Set up a basic page for it
		-Added in partials.
	-Register Page:
		-Set up basic page for it
		-Gave it a basic style for the registration page
			-Need to add a route for the db.
	-Largely Partials and creating a specific style.
		-Same style in the header partial also created logos for QuickTix.
	- Added DB and test data
		- Tables include users, reviews, tickets, and relationship tables
	-Make sure the Login page is fully functional and the same with the Registration page.
	-Start working through API’s

11/07/22 TA meeting Notes
	-Liam will be doing the home page 
Remember this: Every single piece of code you use makes sure that it could be re-usable.
Things should be able to get removed and added.
	-No hard coding any competent code.
	-Any information you take should be coming through the backend.
	- Diego needs to pull and work on getting the login page finished up.
How to push into main:
	-Switch to main with checkout
	-Pull
	-Git checkout -
		-Takes you to the original branch
	-Git merge main.
		-Might bring you some conflicts.
	-Commit and then make git push.
Please make sure you have the updated main files.
	- Diego needs to also work on the homepage and also create API’s for his login.
	-Dan needs to pick up another project and finish creating API’s for register.
	-Cheng and Matt will work on homepage API’s.
		-Homepage and Database guys need to sit down for what filters and features/information that will be on the homepage.
		-Matt can start working on index.js and filters.
	-Louis will be working creating a cart page.
	
	
	
3rd TA Meeting Notes:

Third TA Meeting:
16 Nov 22
Discussed Checkout page - going with a notification system.
Showed Demo:
Liam:
    home page
    Cards (merging)
Cheng:
    Search functionality
    Working on filter
    “Button for contacting seller”
    Good demo
Diego:
    Login page
    Work on profile page next
Mat:
    Homepage API
    Ticket selection on cards
    Can API be used for second hand tickets?
    Continue testing API functionality
Louis:
    Two styles of cards
    Bootstrap card classes
    Table notation form
    Accessibility dependent on logged in or not

Get the majority of work done before break and prepare for presentation the Friday after break.
Sign up for a presentation slot.

Pointers:
Ensure all code is merged and up to date.
Plan out future work and create required branches.
Make another priority assessment.
Profile Page - adding ticket - major functionality that needs to 
Contact Model notifications would require another table.

How to integrate second hand tickets.


Notes Meeting 4: 2:30pm on Nov 30 2022

Starting with Demo:
	Search functionality - by title and by cost range
	Login and registration pages
		User name is unique and has restrictions
		Submit stores user information inside database
	Successfully logged in and in home page
		Can add to list and view all tickets
		Separate category for saved tickets
		Multiple tickets can be saved
		Tickets can also be removed from the saved list
	Profile Section
		Personal profile page
		Can view basic info 
			Username
			Email
			Phone number
		Allows users to contact the seller of a ticket
		Can add a listing of a new ticket
			Add price and other information like location
		After “add listing” brings user back to homepage
		From the Profile page can remove the listing.
		Registers listing as next day and next month.
			Pulls current date and checks next month as well.
!			Adjust to only show future dates.
				Or remove / rename
		Can change name and phone number within profile.
!			Did NOT change Full Name.
			DID change the phone number.
	Home
		John
			Can view phone number
			Tickets he is selling
			And write a review
			Can delete reviews the User has written about sellers.
	Log Out
		Logs the user out of the profile.
		Can no longer Add tickets to list
		Can still view the profile of users
		
Walk through of PPT due Wednesday 30 Nov 22
	Pointers on Architecture Diagram
		Use case diagram
		We need to make a diagram of our data flow.
!		Client Side
!		Server Side
!			Front end 
!			Back end
				Docker
!		Database
!		3rd Party Service
Pointers for Presentation
	Chose how to demo project and optimize for functionality
	Updating the phone number instead of full name as well
		Pick functionalities we are sure work properly.
	Elaborate on how and why we did things, thought processes. 
	Divide slides - everyone needs to speak
	Practice once together 
	Add future enhancement slide
		Any features we’d like to have but have not had time to implement
			External API calls
Reminders
	Canvas announcement
		Discusses final project
		Final exam
		Individual projects
		Lectures
		Keep an eye out for other announcements.
Video walkthrough serves as backup incase of difficulties during presentation.

Project Reports
	Review requirements.

Possible zoom presentation / Dan joins on zoom during the presentation




